Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#9255)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Version Control Conventions

* We use [rebase merging](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Rebasing) (as opposed to [basic merging](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging#Basic-Merging)) to merge branches

> * To rebase your fork's PR branch onto master, the recommended approach is `git rebase origin/master`, `git push --force origin your-branch`

Reviewer: I think this is helpful, but do you think we should also drop a note about branch names? eg. it's not clear what origin is here when you have a fork depending how you've setup your local repo, since you'll likely have one remote for your fork and a remote for upstream (mapbox/mapbox-gl-js)

Author: Yeah good point it should really be `upstream/master` for most people... Maybe it's worth saying full details on the "preferred setup", e.g.
1. Fork this project
2. Clone your new fork, `git clone git@github.com:GithubUser/mapbox-gl-js.git`
3. `cd mapbox-gl-js`
4. Add the Mapbox repository as upstream: `git add remote upstream git@github.com:mapbox/mapbox-gl-js.git`
5. Create a new branch `git checkout -b your-branch` for your contribution
6. Write code
7. When you need to rebase, `git fetch upstream`, `git rebase upstream/master` and force push to Github `git push --force origin your-branch`

Reviewer 2: It would be sufficient in this instruction to add a note for downstream forks:
```suggestion
* To rebase your PR branch onto master, the recommended approach is `git rebase origin/master`, `git push --force origin <your-branch>`. When working with a fork, `origin/master` should point to the upstream `master` branch.
```

* We use [rebase merging](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Rebasing) (as opposed to [basic merging](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Basic-Branching-and-Merging#Basic-Merging)) to merge branches

Here is a recommended way to get setup:
1. Fork this project
2. Clone your new fork, `git clone git@github.com:GithubUser/mapbox-gl-js.git`
3. `cd mapbox-gl-js`
4. Add the Mapbox repository as an upstream repository: `git add remote upstream git@github.com:mapbox/mapbox-gl-js.git`
5. Create a new branch `git checkout -b your-branch` for your contribution
6. Write code, open a PR from your branch when you're ready

> 7. When you need to rebase your fork's PR branch onto master: `git fetch upstream`, `git rebase upstream/master` and force push to Github `git push --force origin your-branch`

Reviewer: Overall I think this is helpful for contributors, when I first started this was a paint point for me too.

Point 7, maybe better to use "If you need to. rebase ... to resolve conflicts:" to help make it clearer that most of the time you don't need to rebase, it's only if other conflicting commits have happened since you branched. I wouldn't want people to think they have to constantly rebase and force push even when there are no conflicts.
